Nathan Alger
nalger@mtu.edu • (810) 513-6688 • linkedin.com/in/nathanalger
Third-year Computer Engineering student with experience in hardware, software development, and embedded systems. Skilled in problem solving and technical troubleshooting, seeking an internship or co-op to apply and expand engineering skills.


EDUCATION
Michigan Technological University, Houghton, Michigan
BS, Computer Engineering, 3.5 GPA	Expected Apr 2028
SKILLS
C/C++ • C# • JavaScript • Microcontrollers • Embedded Systems • React • Vite • Express • CSS • Computer Hardware Repair • Hardware Diagnosis
EXPERIENCE
Creative Mines, Software Development Intern – Hancock, Michigan	         Oct 2024 – Aug 2025
Contributed to the design and development of Runway, a business relationship management tool, by helping set realistic milestones and preparing for a successful product launch.
Collaborated in small teams to refine features, continuously improving user experience through iterative peer feedback and testing.
Assisted in maintaining infrastructure for the application in both development and production environments, ensuring high uptimes and quick fixes for users.
Affordable Computer Services, Technician – Fenton, Michigan	         Nov 2020 – Aug 2022
Maintained a professional and polite manner while assisting customers online and on-call, assisting them to solve problems, upholding the company’s positive reputation in the community.
Worked with a small team of employees to properly diagnose multiple computers accurately, quote repair costs, and finish the repairs all within a timely manner.
VOLUNTEERING & INVOLVEMENT
Aeronautics and Rocketry Enterprise - HPR, Michigan Technological University	    Aug 2026 – Present
Collaborate on the development of high-powered rocket avionics by defining system requirements, evaluating design constraints, and outlining hardware integration and testing.
Develop embedded systems in C++ using STM32-family microcontrollers alongside STM libraries to measure environmental factors with sensors and collect, process, and interpret real-time flight data.
Research and evaluate microcontroller and sensor solutions for avionics applications, contributing to the design of reliable and efficient data acquisition and event management.
Senior Tech Support Volunteer, Loose Senior Center – Linden, Michigan	    Aug 2023 – 2024
Met with seniors in the local community patience and clear communication so they can leave happy and satisfied with their solution.
Managed time by both educating seniors on relevant topics about technology while also solving their problems, all within a time frame that allows all who need it to be assisted.
NON-TECHNICAL WORK HISTORY
Delivery Driver, Hungry Howie’s           	 2023
Retail Stocker, Alpine Marketplace   	 2019        
